Aged Citizen Dies

John R. Cox, a well known citizen of this section, aged about 77 years, died at his home near Brushy Run Sunday evening. He was sitting in a chair and suddenly expired. Mr. Cox had not been in good health for some time, although he was able to be out, and not long ago paid this office a visit.

The deceased was born on the farm where he died, his life being spent at the old home where he raised his family. He was a good husband, father, neighbor, and friend, and all were sorry to hear of his death. He was buried Tuesday in the family burial ground, Rev. Don M. Nicholas officiating.

Grant County Press volume XXXIII number 1  page 1  5 January 1928
---
Title: Cumberland Times-News
Page: December 5, 1998
Text: LAHMANSVILLE, W.Va.-Iva Catherine (Borror) Porter, 84, of Lahmansville, died Friday, Dec. 4, 1998, at Memorial Hospital, Cumberland, Md.

Born Sept. 23, 1914, in Petersburg, she was a daughter of the late Arthur E. and Stella (Cox) Borror. She also was preceded in death by her husband, Charles William Porter, on July 5, 1978; a stepmother, Nannie Borror Westfall; one daughter, Betty Catherine Porter; one step-great-grandson, Patrick G. Kindrick; and one brother, Rennie Borror.

Mrs. Porter was a member of the Lahmansville United Methodist Church.

Surviving are one daughter and son-in-law, Margarite P. and Donald L. Kindrick, Lahmansville; three step-grandsons; nine step-great-grandchildren; and six step-great-great-grandchildren.

Friends will be received at the Schaeffer Funeral Home, Petersburg, Sunday from 7 to 9 p.m. and Monday from 2 to 4 and 7 to 9 p.m.

Services will be conducted at Lahmansville United Methodist Church, Tuesday at 1 p.m. with the Rev. French Smith officiating.

Interment will be in the Lahmansville Cemetery.
---
Carol Sue Reed Cox  (March 28, 1940 - August 1, 2008)  

Carol Sue Reed Cox, 68, of Wellsburg, WV passed away, Friday, August 1, 2008 at Weirton Medical Center, Weirton, WV. She was born March 28, 1940 in Clarksburg, WV, daughter of the late Clee and Grace O’Bryon Reed. She was a graduate of Roosevelt Wilson High School, Nutter Fort, WV, where she was Valedictorian, and graduated from Glenville State College, Magna Summa Cum Laude. She was a retired school teacher in Hancock and Brooke Counties with 25 years service, as an elementary teacher in Hancock County, and Title 1 Teacher in Brooke County. 

She was a member of the Wellsburg United Methodist Church, Sunday School Teacher of the Susanna Wesley Class, Treasurer of the Susanna Wesley Class, and Member of the Administrative Council, Choir Member, and former Church Organist, Member of All Church Planning Committee, Wellsburg Kiwanis Club, and Club Pianist. She was a certified member of the West Virginia University Extension Service Master Gardener Volunteers, Hancock County, Representative to the State Master Gardeners Board, Member of the Tri-State Master Gardeners (TAMGA), Member of the Retired Association of School Employees -Life member of the State, and a member of the Brooke County Association.

Surviving are, Her loving husband of Leon Cox of 45 years, at Home, Two Sons, Stephen Cox, of Wellsburg, WV,Timothy Cox and His Wife, Kristen, of Murraysville, PA, Two Brothers, Kenneth Reed and His Wife, Amma, of Barefoot Bay, FL, and Joseph Reed and His Companion, Linda Gregan, of Philippi, WV, and Two Grandsons, Kevin and Brian Cox, of Murraysville, PA. 

At Carol’s request, there will be no visitation., and Pastor Carl Tribett will hold Memorial Services At The Convenience Of The Family. In Lieu of Flowers, Please may contributions to the Wellsburg United Methodist Church (P.O. Box 331, Wellsburg, WV 26070) or Tri-State Master Gardeners (TAMG) Hancock County Extension Office, P.O. Box 457, New Cumberland, WV 26047. Arrangements by the Chambers Funeral Home, 1030 Main St. Wellsburg, WV. 26070
---
rom the May 16, 2007, Grant County Press

Eston Theodore "Buck" Kimble Jr., 75, of  Kearneysville, formerly of Petersburg, died Friday, May 11,  at his residence.

Born May 29, 1931, in Petersburg, he was the son of the  late Eston T. Sr. and Dora (Cox) Kimble. He was also  preceded in death by one brother, Kenneth P. Kimble; one  sister, Emily Florence Kimble; one infant brother; and one  aunt, Dovie Bowers.

He is survived by his wife of 52 years, Suenette (Judy)  Kimble; one son, Edwin B. Kimble of Baltimore; one daughter,  Mary Kimble of Kearneysville; four grandchildren, Michele  Kolodziejski, Dana Kimble, Ronnie Dubner and Dylan Dubner;  four great-grandchildren, Joseph, Jacob, Kelsey and Billy; three brothers, John H. Kimble of Severna Park, Md., James  R. Kimble of Bel Air, Md. and Randall A. Kimble of Landes;  four sisters, Jean Nelson of Martinsburg, Joan Borror of  Landes, Barbara Bloom of Akron, Ohio and Sylvia Ours of  Martinsburg; and several nieces and nephews.

Funeral services were Monday morning at the Schaeffer  Funeral Home chapel, Petersburg, with the Rev. Gary Phillips  officiating. Interment was in the Judy Cemetery, Landes.

Military graveside rites were accorded by the VFW Post  6454 and JROTC of Petersburg. (5-15)
---
Grant County Press, 26 February 1897

Mrs. Ward Cox died Tuesday near Brushy Run.  She had been a widow for about twelve years.
---
Grant County Press

Junior William Cox,  73, of Winchester, Va., died, Aug. 25, at  Winchester Medical Center, Winchester.

Born June 4, 1930, in  Petersburg, he was the son of the late Thomas  William and Elizabeth Sena (Mongold)  Cox.

He is survived by his wife,  Kay Y. Cox, whom he married April 29, 1970, in  Seoul, South Korea; two daughters, Betty Cavalier  of Clarksville, Tenn., and Julia Cullers of Marina,  Calif.; four sisters, Mary E. Mauzy, Polly Alt and  Nancy C. Givan, all of Petersburg, and Anna Lee  Bible of Maysville; one brother, C. Wayne Cox of  Manassas, Va.; and five grandchildren.

Funeral services were Aug.  28, at the Sacred Heart of Jesus Catholic Church,  with interment in the Sacred Heart  Cemetery.

Arrangements were under the direction of the Omps Funeral Home, Amherst Chapel,  Winchester. (9/2)
---
Grant County Press

Ronald Edward Mauzy, 82, of  Dorcas, died July 9, at Veterans Medical Center, Washington,  D.C.

Born June 5, 1922, in Petersburg, he  was the son of the late Orva J. Mauzy and Lena Leota (Feaster) Mauzy.

He is survived by his wife of 60  years, Mary Elizabeth (Cox) Mauzy; three daughters, Norma  Jean Dean of Charlottesville, Va., Barbara Lou Kesner of  Dorcas and Debra Sue Hill of Clearbrook, Va.; two sisters,  Mary Alice Conrad of Petersburg and Carrie Bergdoll of  Augusta; three brothers, Marvin Mauzy of Winchester, Va.,  Raymond Mauzy and Glenn Mauzy, both of Dorcas; seven  grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren.

Funeral services were held July 13 at  the Schaeffer Funeral Home chapel, Petersburg, with interment in North Mill Creek Cemetery, Dorcas.  (7-13)
---
Grant County Press

Joseph K. Oates, 68, died May  2, at the Arbor West Rehabilitation Center & Nursing  Home, West Jefferson, Ohio.

Born Feb. 10, 1938, in Petersburg, he  was the son of the late Pearl Riley Oates and O.R. Oates Sr.  He was also preceded in death by one brother, O.R. Oates  Jr.

He is survived by two daughters,  Teresa Ellars and husband, Rodney of Somerset; and Brenda  Cox and husband, Jim of Marysville; one brother, Gerald  Oates and wife, Polley of Keyser; and four sisters, Phyllis  Oates Smith of Petersburg; Norma Oates Lee and husband, Bill  of Waynesboro, Va.; Carolyn Oates Riggleman and husband,  Marcelle of Stephens City; and Elizabeth Oates Smith and  husband, Williford of Norfolk. He is also survived by one sister-in-law, Betty Wolfe Oates, six grandsons, one great  granddaughter, and several nieces and nephews.

It was his wish to be cremated and  there will be a private memorial service later in Somerset. (5-9)
---
Grant County Press

Mrs. Vera M. Cox, 73, of  Gormania, died May 25, at her home. Born Jan. 14, 1929, in  Benbush, she was the daughter of the late Howard E. and Nine  F. (Pennington) Roy. She was also preceded in death by two  husbands, Claude Miller and James Cox.

She is survived by one daughter,  Sandra E. Evans of Bayard; three sons, Claude E. Miller and  Bruce A. Miller, both of Gormania and Joseph W. Miller of  Deer Park, Md.; one sister, Hilda Guthrie of Bayard; 21  grandchildren and 15 great-grandchildren.

Funeral services were May 28, at the  Stewart Funeral Home chapel, Oakland, Md., with interment in the Bayard Cemetery, Bayard. (5/28)
---
Richard Ervin Borror, 76, of  Landes, died Dec. 26, 2004, at his home.

Born March 9, 1928, in Landes, he was  the son of the late James Borror and Ada Belle (Judy)  Borror. He was also preceded in death by six brothers and  two sisters, Arlie Borror, Rumsey Borror, Edna Riggleman,  John Borror, Dora Cosner, Calvin Borror, Ronald Borror and  James Earl Borror.

He is survived by his wife of 50  years, M. Joan (Kimble) Borror; one son, Gary A. Borror of  York, Pa.; four daughters, Janice Gregson and husband Charles of Elkton, Va., Diana Landis and husband David of  Canton, Ohio, Brenda Welty and husband Guy Sr. of York, and  Tina Coulter and husband Kenneth of Grayslake, Ill.; four  grandchildren, Guy Jr. and Dakota Welty, and Khelsea and  Madison Borror; and one great-grandson, Guy Welty  III.

Funeral services were conducted Dec.  29, at the Schaeffer Funeral Home chapel, Petersburg, with  interment in the Judy Cemetery, Landes.

Military graveside rites were accorded  by the combined veterans organizations of Grant County and  JROTC and by an honor guard from Fort Belvoir,  Va.

Memorials may be made to Progressive  Supranuclear Palsy, Inc., 1838 Greene Tree Road, Suite 515,  Baltimore, MD 21208. (1-4)
---
Grant County Press

Pendleton Times, 8 November, 2001 

Ervin Rexrode, 84, of Brownsville, TX, passed away on Sunday, Oct. 21, 2001, at Brownsville Medical Center.

He was born on April 11, 1917, in Ft. Seybert to Glenn and Myra Eye Rexrode.

He was a veteran of the United States Air Force (USAF) and was in World War II. After serving in the USAF, he was in the National Guard. He was a Mason and an active member of the First United Methodist Church of Brownsville.

He was preceded in death by his first wife, Katherine Harness Rexrode, Dec. 12, 1988. His parents, and brother, Delton Rexrode, also preceded him in death.

He is survived by his second wife, Helen Owen Rexrode of Brownsville, TX, and his daughter, Mary Kay Loomis, and husband Steve Loomis of Reddingt, CN; three brothers, Virgil Rexrode and Paul Rexrode, both of Frnaklin and Fred Rexrode , Bridgewater , VA, two sister, Neva Hedrick , Columbus, OH, and Leafy Rexrode, Franklin.

A memorial service was held at 4 p.m., Thursday, Oct. 25, at the First United Methodist Church in Brownsville TX.
---
Mrs. Myrtle Anice Propst Rexrode, 87, of Franklin,  died Dec. 10, at Grant Memorial Hospital, Petersburg.

Born Oct. 8, 1919, in Franklin, she was the daughter of  the late Jacob Propst and Mahulda (Propst) Propst. She was  also preceded in death by two brothers and one sister.

She is survived by her husband, Virgil H. Rexrode, whom  she married April 19, 1945; one son, Stephen Dale Rexrode of  Petersburg; two brothers, Irvin S. Propst of Brandywine and  Richard Propst of Harrisonburg, Va.; two grandchildren, Amy  Berg of Petersburg and Robert Rexrode of Davis; two stepgrandchildren, Michael Meek of New Creek and Cynthia  Hartman of Petersburg; two great-grandchildren and three  stepgreat-grandchildren.

Funeral services were Dec. 15 at the Faith Lutheran  Church, in Franklin. Interment was in the Cedar Hill  Cemetery, Franklin.

Memorials may be made to the Faith Lutheran Church  Special Music Fund, P.O. Box 893, Franklin, WV 26807 or  Pendleton County Rescue Squad, P.O. Box 727, Franklin, WV  26807.

Arrangements were under the direction of Kimble Funeral  Home, Franklin. (12-19)

Grant County Press
---
Grant County Press, March 20, 1903
Again we are called upon to chronicle the death of another of the dear old grandmothers of our county. Another sweet life is ended, another chair is vacant. On the 12th inst. the Death Angel visited the home of Geo. Yokum and claimed Grandma as his victim, aged about eighty-five years. She is survived by eight children, three sons and five daughters, a host of grandchildren, and several greaat-grandchildren. One son gave his life for his country in the great Civil War, since then a daughter and the staff and companion of her earthly pilgrimage, her dear, loved and devoted husband, have gone to their eternal resting place. Since her husband’s death she lived with her son, Geo. Yokum, Jr., and her name became a household word in nearly every home for miles around, but now, alas, she is gone to try the realities of an unknown world, relying on the promises recorded in the Blessed Word; and living accordingly she has changed life for eternal blessing.
Years ago, she with her husband, joined the Methodist Episcopal church of which she ever after remained a zealous and consistent member; thereby setting an example worthy of imitation by every one of her children and relatives. Her husband preceded her to the “Eternal Realms” a number of years ago and with beckoning hands was waiting her on the Golden Shore. She was one of the most lovable and motherly women we have ever had the pleasure of meeting. She was especially loved by the children of the neighborhood, whom she always loved to be with, telling and admonishing them to be good and to try and walk in the footsteps of the godly. Oh, that every boy and girl throughout the length and breadth of our great country could have such a mother as she has been. Crime and prisons would be unknown and in their stead love, respect and harmony would reign supreme.
On the 13th of March, a most beautiful spring day when nature seemed very active and when everything seemed to be revelling in the vernal pleasures, she was borne to the Mouse cemetery, followed by a large concourse of relatives and friends with sad faces, streaming eyes and sorrowing hearts, where that new-made tomb received its occupant. A little mound now marks the spot where “Grandma” reposes. She has gone from our earthly sight forever, but her influence will live on and on, and our loss is but heaven’s gain.
---
Pendleton Times, February 26, 1926:
http://wc.rootsweb.ancestry.com/cgi-bin/igm.cgi?op=GET&db=arick-senecal&id=I3312
Harman, W. Va. Feb. 21, 1926 --- We announce with deepest regret the death of another of our Civil War Veterans, Mr. Adam Yokum who died on Feb. 14th, 1926. Age 84 yrs., 9 mo., 7 da. Interment was made at the family Cemetery on Monday Feb. 15th. along the side of his wife who preceded him seven years.
Mr. Yokum was united in marriage to Rebecca Mouse, and to this union were born seven children; a daughter, Anzina (who was the wife of Harris Harman and died several years ago) and six sons, viz: Jasper, J. Michael, and Walter, of Harman, Daniel and Esten, of Mouth of Seneca; and Dennis of Dry Fork, W. Va., all of whom survive him.
He also leaves to mourn his loss, one brother, George W. Yokum and three sisters, Mrs. Rebecca Sites, Mrs. Frances Stump and Mrs. Mahala Stump, all of Grant county. Also he leaves fourteen grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren and seven great-great-grandchildren. Since marriage Mr. Yokum has lived near Harman, and for the past several years has been a faithful member of the Presbyterian church.
When the civil war broke out he joined the Union army, belonged to Company I. 7th Regiment, West Virginia Volunteer Infantry and served throughout the war and attained the rank of 1st Sergeant. He was engaged in many battles of Bull Run and Chancellorsville.
Mr. Yokum was a very industrious and successful farmer and accumulated sufficient amount of this world’s wealth to give his sons a very nice start in life, and since uniting with the church he has been a very liberal giver to educational and religious institutions.
By one of his many friends.
---
Henry Wirz Cox, 70, of Cabins,  died Aug. 14, at Winchester Medical Center, Winchester,  Va.

Born Dec. 5, 1932, in Pennsylvania, he  was the son of the late Townsend and Alice (Wirz) Cox. He was also preceded in death by his wife, Jean (Blakiston)  Cox.

He is survived by one daughter, Susan  Heppard of Bushnell, Fla.

Services will be private.

Arrangements are under the direction  of the Omps Funeral Home, Amherst chapel, Winchester, Va. (8/19)

Grant County Press
---
Elkins Intermountain

Jonathan Keith Hiser, 76, of 210 Judy St., Petersburg, departed this life on Thursday, May 20, 2004,
following a long bout with cancer.
He was born Feb. 13, 1928, in Landes, the son of the late Bert F. and Minnie J. Hiser.
In 1950, he was married to Norma Hardy, who survives along with three daughters and one son, Joan M. Wertz of Morrisdale, Pa., Patricia “Pat” Shinn of Saranac, N.Y., Jonathan K. Hiser II of Butler, Pa., and Helen F. Hiser of Stephens City, Va.; 10 grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.
He is also survived by one brother, Roy F. Hiser of Cincinnati, Ohio; and two sisters, Eileen Dove of Mozer and Mary Frances Pryor of Summersville.
Preceding him in death were three brothers, Jesse Ronald Hiser, Robert Quentin Hiser and Warren Paul Hiser; and one sister, Wilda Elaine Ours.
A 1944 graduate of Petersburg High School and a U.S. Army veteran, Keith earned a bachelor’s degree in mathematics at Davis & Elkins College and a master of arts degree from West Virginia University, followed by additional studies in physics at the University of Tennessee.
He taught physics, mathematics and engineering courses at Davis & Elkins College from 1955 until his
retirement in 1991, serving for many years as department chair and chair of the division of mathematics and natural science.
He operated the Flynn Planetarium at the college, presenting programs in astronomy for college classes, school groups and the general public from 1972 until his retirement.
He held memberships in the West Virginia Academy of Science, the American Physics Society, the
American Association of Physics Teachers, the International Planetarium Society and the Chi Beta Phi
national scientific fraternity, in which he served as a national officer for 12 years.
He directed the West Virginia Eastern Regional Science and Engineering Fair for several years and served as faculty advisor
---
GEORGE F. CUNNINGHAM, 74 years old, died Wednesday at his home on Murley's Branch, near Flintstone, Allegany county. 

He served with McNeill's Rangers in the Confederate Army and was with the squad that took the Federal generals Crook and Kelley prisoners at a hotel in Cumberland, near the close of the war.

Source : The Evening Post Newspaper - Frederick, Frederick Co., Maryland - Saturday, September 2, 1911 


